docs: make edits to follow style guidelines (#257)
alchemyplatform/aa-sdk: site/overview/package-overview.md

# Package Overview

> Account Kit is comprised of a number of SDK packages that you can leverage to interact with [ERC-4337](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-4337) infrastructure.

Reviewer: nit: prefer active voice over passive voice
```suggestion
Account Kit consists of a number of SDK packages that you can leverage to interact with [ERC-4337](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-4337) infrastructure.
```

Author: Yes! I could only find two pages for `aa-signers`
![image](https://github.com/alchemyplatform/aa-sdk/assets/83442423/8dd47d96-c799-469e-9abb-64d64545a3b4)

Reviewer: today i merged in additional documentation. can you rebase and make sure those are up to style guidelines?

Author: actually just verified that they are there!

> Account Kit is comprised of a number of smaller packages that you can leverage to interact with [ERC-4337](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-4337) infrastructure. For almost all cases, `aa-core` is sufficient with the subsequent packages offering various utilities for interacting with specific Account Abstraction Infrastructure or smart accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Account Kit is comprised of a number of SDK packages that you can leverage to interact with [ERC-4337](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-4337) infrastructure. For almost all cases, `aa-core` is sufficient with the subsequent packages offering various utilities for interacting with specific Account Abstraction Infrastructure or smart accounts.
```
